ok so I that's one thing that I like to
see as maybe kind of wrap up our parent
with cos I do want to get a chance to
open as a little bit here if you want to
be able to ask your own questions that
they want to jump in and take a seat so
you're talking about trying some things
out you know learning some different
things in Romania top of this there was
one of the things that we had discussed
a little bit is one of the motivations
that you have continuing to do well as
the fact that you are getting to learn
some new things so it's not just about
the courses in making money online
courses but your ability to continue to
learn if you could talk a little bit
about what are some of the types of
things you're learning and you know how
that gives you a bit you know a return
on your investment
yes I am Not sure if you're talking
about learning as a student or learning
skills relating to teaching you to me is
that what you meant is just are taking
other classes in the course of producing
your classes at one of the benefit is
that you get to learn new things new
skills that you're picking up in the
course of producing okay good great yeah
so look out almost anything that up and
take it back
doesn't sound it's not right many of the
things that we're thanks to mistakes
that I made in my course which kind
enough to be the most successful one as
well but that's a different story but I
make a lot of mistakes but of course so
because my decision to try out and she
had ghost that mean Startup methodology
I didn't quite get great will so I
planned for three sections were taken a
public stand that then caught eight this
works I just adding stuff you know this
topic will attend that the package as
well and somebody ask that you put that
in there too so I ended up having a
massive course with no structure in it
difficult for people to to find things
around another state that I did an
example wish that every one of the
lectures was tagged on the screen with
that let Chen rumba and that made it
very hard to rearrange rounding up to
improve the structure I had problems
with this I made quizzes that
complicated but sometimes you know like
may have been in a hurry to finish up we
can go ahead and ask a stupid question
and just because that's right let's go
back and fix that
so again never compromise the quality of
your content of external constraints be
careful about that in terms of support
lessons to be learned was that really
there is no limit
tell my students that my priorities and
the screen my courses is number one
fixings takes shape somebody says that
hate such an era and I drop everything
I'm doing a matter what it is everything
and fix the mistakes and then an hour
later that way I can go back to the same
students thanks fixed
my number two priority is you don't
support that I've been lucky so far
because having been in you take it as I
thought initially initially that I would
have scored about 16,000 students and I
thought to contribute to unsafe we
should be no but they don't generate as
much as I thought knowing that they
usually ask me questions so I spent a
lot of time supporting them through the
forums and no-show reusing most of the
Material or reproduce
answering questions for my email
automation system and for my blog posts
she got 26 by dot com you'll see that
I've got a blog there and much of the
continent that block come strong
alliances to my you to meet students so
I read use a lot of the content they
produce so last night just got back to
the most recent example somebody asked
me some notice a really good question
spent about an hour and a half to
research it and respond and ensure that
I get a c-section copy paste a blog post
add I'll be posting some come on over
the weekend have become my nation so I
think these two heading and a strategy
for your online teaching aids came out
of the mistakes that I did early on what
else so we'll see how the most technical
aspects of producing courses like what
tools you use I made a lot of mistakes
along the way that the parties and the
tools that are used all the time most of
them were fixed the lives of using now
one of my latest additions nothing make
me look look at other than that way that
I used to look at the past which was
like this
interested probably will